---
redirect_from: "/privacy-policy"
weight: 3
---

# Privacy

**Scratchpads privacy policy**

**1 Personal identification information**<br> We may collect identification
information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when
users visit a Scratchpad, register on the site, subscribe to a newsletter, fill
out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or
resources we make available on Scratchpads. The core information for which users
may be asked, where appropriate, are a name, an email address and a location,
although some Sites, at the discretion of the maintainer, my ask for additional
information. Users may, however, visit all our sites anonymously but access to
both content and services may have limited at the discretion of the site's
maintainer. We will collect identification information from users only if they
voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply
identification information, but must accept that refusal may prevent them
engaging in certain Site related activities.

**2 Non-personal identification information**<br> We may collect other
information about users' interaction with Scratchpads. Such information may
include, but is not limited to, the browser name, the type of computer and
technical information about users' means of connection to our Site, such as the
operating system, the Internet service providers and other similar information.

**3 How we use collected information**<br> Scratchpads may collect and use
personal information for the following purposes:
 - to grant you access to
the Sites for which you are registered;
 - to give you credit (under the
CC-BY licence) for content you create;
 - to improve our service;
   - Information you provide helps us respond to your service requests and support
needs more efficiently.
 - to tune a site to meet community expectations;
   - We may use aggregate information to understand how our users collectively use
the services and resources provided on a Scratchpad.
 - To improve our
services;
  - We use the feedback you provide to improve our products and
services.
 - To send occasional emails;
   - If a user decides to opt-in to
a mailing list, they will receive emails that the sending community consider are
of interest. If at any time a user would like to unsubscribe from receiving
future emails, they may do so through their Profile page on the sending
Scratchpad.
  - Those with maintainer roles may get occasional e-mails from
the development team announcing upgrades, loss of service and other such
administrative messages.

**4 How we protect your information**<br> We protect against user's personal
information by strictly controlling accessibility of the data files. Access to
the server is limited to a small group of authorised users from the development
team. The basis of this security is password-protection, an appropriate strategy
for the type of information we hold. All passwords are encrypted prior to
storage. Backups and archives are all encrypted at time of creation.

**5 Sharing your personal information**<br> We do not sell, trade, or rent Users
personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated
demographic information not linked to any personal identification information
regarding visitors and users with our partners, trusted affiliates and
advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may share our raw log files,
which include personal information, in pursuance of academic research provided
suitable and robust safeguards are in place to protect your information. The
purpose of such research would be to analyse trends and network behaviours,
allowing us to prioritise Scratchpad development.<br> We will share your
information with law enforcement agencies when we are legally required to do so.
We will inform you that these data have been shared and why, unless prohibited
from doing so by a court order.

**6 Third party websites**<br> Scratchpads pages may contain links to other
sites or services. We do not control the content of those sites and are not
responsible for the practices employed by them. These sites and services may
have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and
interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our
Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.

**7 Deletion of your account**<br> An application for an account is accepted
when a maintainer is satisfied that the applicant is bona fide, e.g. not a
spammer or a robot. If the applicant is not considered bona fide, the account
and all associated details will be deleted.<br> Once your account is active, you
may choose to delete your account at any time. This will block your account but
your details will be retained so that we can fulfil our obligations under the
CC-BY licence.<br> If you wish to remove all your details and the content you
created on the Site, you should apply to the Site maintainer. Your details will
be deleted from the system, but will persist in the back-up copies until
overwritten. Your details will be preserved in any archive copy of the Site that
may have been created while your account was valid.

**8 Contacting us**<br> If you have any questions please contact us at
[support@scratchpads.eu](mailto:support@scratchpads.eu)

This document was last updated on 2013-05-07 15:45 (GMT +1)
