---
weight: 1
title: Terms and conditions
---

# Scratchpads Terms and Conditions

By submitting an application form for a Scratchpad, you agree to be bound by the
terms and conditions of use set out below.

## 1 Acceptance of Terms

This agreement is between the Virtual Biodiversity Research and Access Network
for Taxonomy and its agents (collectively “ViBRANT”), and you and your agents
(collectively “you”) regarding the use of this website (the "Site"). By using
the Site, you agree to the Terms and Conditions set out below and the associated
Privacy Policy.

## 2 Ownership of site

The text, graphics, sound and software (collectively "Content") on this Site is
owned by you and your agents and you bare sole and ultimate responsibility for
this Content. ViBRANT supports the computer hardware infrastructure and software
content management system that provides access to this Content.

## 3 Access to services and termination of access\**

You are responsible for all activity logged through your user account and for
the activity of other persons or entity you grant access to this Site. You agree
to notify ViBRANT immediately if you become aware of any unauthorised use and
you agree that ViBRANT may terminate your access privileges and remove Content
without notice if ViBRANT believes you have violated any provision of this
Agreement. You agree that termination of your access to the Site shall not
result in any liability or other obligation of ViBRANT to you or any third party
in connection with such termination. An archive copy of your content at the time
of termination will be kept and made available to you on request.

## 4 Content

You agree to be bound by the Joint Academic Network (JANET) Acceptable Use
Guidelines
([https://community.ja.net/library/acceptable-use-policy](https://community.ja.net/library/acceptable-use-policy)).
In summary this document states that all Content placed on the Site must be
legal, decent and truthful. Through you or your agent’s use of the Site, you
represent and warrant that you have all the rights necessary to receive, use,
transmit and disclose all data that you use in any way with the Site. You agree
and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for any liabilities, fines, or
penalties occasioned by any such violations or lack of rights and that you are
solely responsible for the accuracy and adequacy of information and data
furnished on the Site. ViBRANT undertakes not to interfere with your content in
any way, other than specified in clause 6 below, and has no right of access or
reuse of your content other than as a normal visitor to the Site (see clause 9).

## 5 Disclaimer of content

You understand and acknowledge that ViBRANT assumes no responsibility to screen
or review Content and that ViBRANT shall have the right, but not the obligation,
in its sole discretion to review, refuse, monitor, ViBRANT or remove any
Content. ViBRANT expressly disclaims all responsibility or liability to you or
any other person or entity for the Content and you acknowledge and agree that
you assume all risk associated with the use of any and all Content.

## 6 Take down policy

Should a dispute arise concerning particular materials on your Site, you agree
to remove the disputed material while the dispute is settled. Should we receive
a complaint, we will remove the disputed material on your behalf.<br> During a
dispute (e.g. when we encounter copyright information that, relative to the work
in hand, is ambiguous or contradictory), we archive but do not provide access to
the work until the dispute is resolved.

## 7 Disclaimer of warranties

The use of the Site is solely at your own risk. The site is provided on an "as
is" and "as available" basis and ViBRANT expressly disclaims all warranties of
any kind with respect to the site, whether express or implied. ViBRANT makes no
warranty that the access to the site and/or Content therein will be
uninterrupted or secure. Your sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any
defect in or dissatisfaction with the Site is to cease using the Site.

## 8 Limitation of liability

You understand and agree that ViBRANT shall not be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or exemplary damages resulting
from any matter related to your or other persons use of the Site.

## 9 Copyright and Licensing

The person requesting a new Scratchpad site (the "Maintainer") is responsible
for setting the license under which the Site Users can copy, distribute, edit,
remix and built upon content, all within the boundaries of applied copyright
law. All new and existing Sites should, be default, fall under one of the
Creative Commons licences. The preferred licence is Attribution (CC-BY) that
will maximise accessibility of your content. More restrictive licences are
available but often have unintended consequences that limit access. Users are
expected to copy, edit and distribute content under the Site’s designated
licence. Each Site’s licence applies for all its content unless explicitly
stated otherwise, known as mixed-mode licencing. All content is licensed in
machine-readable form to maximise accessibility.

This document was last updated on 2013-05-07 15:45 (GMT +1)
